The project is about develop a digital version of italian draught. The draught is composed by 
chessboard and pawns. The objective is capture all the enemy pawns. Every player start with
twelve pawns set and the game is played on the black squares. Each player start with its own pawns 
on three rows at the bottom of the chessboard from its own point of view. A player in his turn can 
use only one own piece, and he can choose to move the piece or capture an enemy piece.
The pawns can only move diagonally forward by one square, if the square is occupied by an enemy
piece it's possible to capture the enemy piece by jumping other it, thus moving by two square 
through the enemy piece.
It's possible only if the square behind the enemy piece is free. It's possible to capture
more than one enemy piece in one capture. In the italian draught the action of capturing is forced
with some rules:
    If a player is faced with the prospect of choosing which captures to make, the first and foremost rule to obey is to capture the greatest quantity of pieces.
    If a player may capture an equal number of pieces with either a man or king, he must do so with the king.
    If a player may capture an equal number of pieces with a king, in which one or more options contain a number of kings, he must capture the greatest number of kings possible.
    If a player may capture an equal number of pieces (each series containing a king) with a king, he must capture wherever the king occurs first.
    If none of these rules apply to the situation at hand, the player may choose according to his tactical requirements.

When a pawn reach the end of the chessboard it is promoted to king, the king can move like a pawn 
plus it can go and capture backwards. A pawn can't capture a king, but a king can capture a pawn.

Use Case:

UC 1 Play a game
Actor: Player
	Requirement:
		- Start a game
		- Move a piece
	Domain objects:
		- Chessboard
		- Pawn and King

FURTHER IMPROVEMENT:
-GUI
-CPU
-CLIENT/SERVER
